README.rst, before:

One Signal API SDK for Python
=============================

This SDK helps to simplify the the one signal api implementation ( https://documentation.onesignal.com/reference ),
This version (0.1) only supports:

- Send notifications

- Include and exlude segments for delivery

- Set filtes for delivery

- Set specifics player ids



Requirements
------------
You will need your APP ID and API KEY,
if you don't know how to get it visit this link: https://documentation.onesignal.com/docs/accounts-and-keys#section-keys-ids



Installation
------------
Run this command in your shell:

`pip install onesignalapi`

It depends if you are working with a virtual env (I recommend it) you should activate it first and then install the package.
Here more information about the package installing https://packaging.python.org/tutorials/installing-packages/


Configuration
-------------
Once you install the package you should be able to import it:

`from onesignalapi import OneSignal`

Then create an instance:

`APP_ID = "YOUR-APP-ID"`

`API_KEY = "YOUR-API-KEY"`

`os_sdk = OneSignal(APP_ID,API_KEY)`


That's all! Now you are ready to send notifications


Sending Notifications
---------------------
You have to create a new notification first:

`push_notification = os_sdk.new_notification('TITLE','SUBTITLE','MESSAGE')`

Now you can:

Include a segment or segments:

`push_notification.include_segments(["Active Users","Inactive Users"])`

Exclude a segment or segments:
`push_notification.exclude_segments(["Active Users","Inactive Users"])`

Set filters:

`push_notification.set_filters([{"field": "tag", "key": "isNewUser", "relation": "=", "value": "1"}])`

Define player ids:

`push_notification.set_playerids(["THIS-IS-A-PLAYER-ID", "THIS-IS-ANOTHER-PLAYER-ID"])`

And finally send the notification:

`push_notification.send()`


Responses
---------
The package will always return a dictionary (dict) with the same structure:

`{"error": , "message": , "data": }`

`"error"` (bool) It could be True or False, `"message"` (String) If there is an error it explain the error, or `Ok` if nothing fails,
`"data"` (list) It contains the response data or error data.

Example:

`if push_notification["error"]:`

    `THERE WAS AN ERROR`

`else:`

    `NOTIFICATION SENT`


TODO
----
A lot! XD

Commit message:

improve and adding schedule function

README.rst, after:

One Signal API SDK for Python
=============================

This SDK helps to simplify the the one signal api implementation ( https://documentation.onesignal.com/reference ),
This version (0.2) only supports:

- Send notifications

- Include and exlude segments for delivery

- Set filtes for delivery

- Set specifics player ids

- Notification scheduling



Requirements
------------
You will need your APP ID and API KEY,
if you don't know how to get it visit this link: https://documentation.onesignal.com/docs/accounts-and-keys#section-keys-ids



Installation
------------
Run this command in your shell:

`pip install onesignalapi`

It depends if you are working with a virtual env (I recommend it) you should activate it first and then install the package.
Here more information about the package installing https://packaging.python.org/tutorials/installing-packages/


Configuration
-------------
Once you install the package you should be able to import it:

`from onesignalapi import OneSignal`

Then create an instance:

`APP_ID = "YOUR-APP-ID"`

`API_KEY = "YOUR-API-KEY"`

`os_sdk = OneSignal(APP_ID,API_KEY)`


That's all! Now you are ready to send notifications


Sending Notifications
---------------------
You have to create a new notification first:

`push_notification = os_sdk.new_notification('TITLE','SUBTITLE','MESSAGE')`

Now you can:

Include a segment or segments:

`push_notification.include_segments(["Active Users","Inactive Users"])`

Exclude a segment or segments:
`push_notification.exclude_segments(["Active Users","Inactive Users"])`

Set filters:

`push_notification.set_filters([{"field": "tag", "key": "isNewUser", "relation": "=", "value": "1"}])`

Define player ids:

`push_notification.set_playerids(["THIS-IS-A-PLAYER-ID", "THIS-IS-ANOTHER-PLAYER-ID"])`

And finally send the notification:

`push_notification.send()`

Scheduling
----------
You need set the time you want to use to send the notifications, the default timezone is `UTC`, as One Signal uses UTC for sending the notifications, first set the timezone

`os_sdk.set_timezone('America/Mexico_City)`

The timezome should be a valid string according pytz timezone list

before send the notification you have to schedule it:

`push_notification.schedule('2018-01-01 12:00:00')`

The schedule method receives a `%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S` string and then it convert the datetime string into a utc datetime, the method returns `True` if everything was ok or an error object if something fails

Responses
---------
The package will always return a dictionary (dict) with the same structure:

`{"error": , "message": , "data": }`

`"error"` (bool) It could be True or False, `"message"` (String) If there is an error it explain the error, or `Ok` if nothing fails,
`"data"` (list) It contains the response data or error data.

Example:

`if push_notification["error"]:`

    `THERE WAS AN ERROR`

`else:`

    `NOTIFICATION SENT`


TODO
----
A lot! XD
